your adventures abroad can be a real
minefield if you're uninformed you could
give someone the wrong gift in China or
offend your cab driver in Australia by
sitting there quietly minding your own
business but sure is fun learning how
people do things in different places in
Japan there are generally no names for
streets the whole city is divided into
blocks each with a number it might seem
puzzling at first glance but it's
actually easier to find the block you're
looking for the same system exists in
korea hungee is a gesture for greeting
for the maori people native to new
zealand it's done by pressing your nose
and forehead against someone else's it's
a gesture of respect so don't be scared
if someone does it to you chicken is
usually a main dish in most countries
but in Turkey they put it in a popular
dessert it's a pudding made of milk rice
cinnamon sugar and chicken you should
have cheese with your hot chocolate in
Colombia for most of us chocolate is
supposed to be sweet but the ancient
Aztecs and Mayans drank it with spices
later the Spanish added some sugar and
brought it to Europe like that in Brazil
women don't see body hair is something
so inappropriate they have to get rid of
it it's a sign of beauty there what they
do bleach their peach fuzz with a
special lotion you might even see women
applying their hair Lightner right on
the beach in Wales the most romantic
thing that you can give someone is a
wooden spoon this tradition dates back
to the 17th century when wood work was
well spread the gifter carves it so to
show they'll always feed and provide for
their loved ones instead of asking what
your sign is your date in Korea might
ask what's your blood type people there
believe that blood type is strongly tied
with personality traits ace are said to
be responsible but stubborn these are
creative but a little selfish OHS are
natural leaders that can be arrogant
and the Abie type is rational but highly
critical be careful when choosing a gift
for your Canadian friend giving flowers
there is a sign of strong effect
and maybe misinterpreted as a confession
of lung instead of using their index
finger Malaysians point with their thumb
pointing with the first finger is
considered offensive in some African
countries it's even reserved for objects
not people people in Nicaragua point
with their lips they do it to indicate
something happening nearby not that they
want to kiss the person with the thing
they're pointing at in the Middle East
India Sri Lanka and some parts of Africa
it's rude to use your left hand when
greeting exchanging money and eating
that's why you should be careful and try
to use your right hand in most cases in
Spain there's a day when it's absolutely
okay to throw tomatoes at strangers the
Tomatina festival takes place in bun
y'all on the last Wednesday of August
every year in one finished town there's
a wife-carrying championship competitors
must carry their wives through an
obstacle course and try to be the first
one to cross the finish line in two it's
the native people of Greenland Canada
and Alaska put their faces on each
other's cheek or neck and rub their nose
against it
taking a deep inhale so if someone
smells you in Greenland don't worry they
just like you in Scotland there's a
tradition called blackening it's when
relatives and friends gather and cover
the groom and bride with mud and spoiled
food they believe that by doing so they
make the marriage stronger and happier
nokay in Germany the happy couple's
closest ones break plates and dishes and
the soon-to-be newlyweds should clear up
all the mess Germans believe it'll teach
the pair to work together and appreciate
each other's efforts standing in line in
Chile can be confusing for an outsider
there isn't just one general line but
three different ones in the first you
place your order you pay in the second
and the third is for taking what you
came for in lop buri Thailand locals
prepare a huge feast for monkeys every
year three tons of fruits and vegetables
are piled up so the animals can enjoy
the celebration
it's called what else the monkey buffet
festival people in one village in the
Philippines have the custom of moving an
entire house to a new location it's a
reenactment of the way the villagers
used to live they see it as a sign of
remembrance of what community is and how
important it is to help each other what
study showed that 90% of Irish
passengers say thank you to the bus
driver that should be a normal custom
worldwide don't you think
don't ever present clocks handkerchiefs
or straw sandals in China
these items are associated with sorrow
and you won't be thanked for your gift
if you're in the Netherlands don't give
pointy objects as a gift knives scissors
and alike are considered unlucky
presents for someone another no-no is
sprinkling salt on food when you're
eating at someone's home in Egypt the
host might get it wrong and assume you
found their food terrible in Venezuela
it's rude to come on time it's a sign of
greed to come to your friend exactly
when it was arranged show up a bit later
10 or 15 minutes is enough if you're
ever invited to a Bolivian wedding or
dinner party never start talking about
business deals or work doing so when
you're supposed to be celebrating is a
big no-no if the host brings it up then
you're okay and how can you know if your
business meeting in Finland was a
success you'll be invited to the sauna
it's a place for chill and friendly
talking and only those who are trusted
are welcome there in Norway it's very
important to adhere to table manners
even finger foods like sandwiches and
pizza must be eaten with the use of a
knife and fork Greeks don't have their
own tooth fairy they toss their baby
teeth on the roof of their home it's
supposed to bring luck and good healthy
teeth hmm roof of their home roof of
their mouth I get it in Denmark kids
write letters on Easter it has to rhyme
and the writers name should be ciphered
in code a child sends this anonymous
letter to a friend
and if the latter guesses who wrote it
they get a chocolate egg wet Monday is a
fun polish Easter tradition where
everybody sprays water on each other you
can even get woken up by a bucket of
water poured on you if you sleep too
long
on Monday guys soak gals and Tuesday the
girls get their revenge the silly socks
dance is a Canadian wedding tradition
unmarried siblings of the bride and
groom perform this dance and others
throw money to donate to the newlyweds
future life together
if you're ever in Spain on the new year
get ready to eat one grape for each of
the twelve O'Clock bell strikes they
believe it leads to a year of good luck
and prosperity and it scares away bad
spirits yeah with just 12 grapes
there'll be no whining no talking no
travel and no leisure activities that's
a New Year celebration in Bali
yep E is the day when all citizens stay
still and meditate to bring in the New
Year with a clear mind in Russia people
have a sit down right before a journey
the person who leaves home can also give
coins to those who see them off it's
supposed to make a trip successful and
ensure your safe return if you're in
Japan and some mysterious man in a
uniform starts stuffing you and everyone
else into the train don't worry it's
totally normal and this guy's just doing
his job
he's the stuffer and you're this stuffy
in Australia sitting in the back seat of
a cab is pretty snobbish when sitting
like that instead of the front passenger
seat
you're distancing yourself from the
driver like you're better than them
uh-oh and finally if you see a single
magpie in the UK you must greet it to
avoid bad luck you can salute it raise
your hat or wish it a good morning yes
another ritual that's for the birds
[Music]